#Legal notices
1.1 Confidential Information. The integrator of the SDK (“Integrator”)
and their respective affiliates, directors, officers, employees,
authorized representatives, agents and advisors shall keep confidential
all information concerning proprietary business procedures, products,
services, operations, software development kits (“SDKs”), marketing
materials, fees, policies or plans and all Nonpublic Personal
Information that is received or obtained from Prosper Marketplace Inc.
(“Prosper”) prior to or during the integration relationship, whether
such information is oral or written, and whether or not labeled as
confidential (collectively “Confidential Information”). “Nonpublic
Personal Information” shall include all personally identifiable
financial information and any list, description or other grouping of
consumers, and publicly available information pertaining to them, that
is derived using any personally identifiable financial information that
is not publicly available, and shall further include all “nonpublic
personal information” as defined by federal regulations implementing the
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, as amended from time to time. “Personally
identifiable financial information” means any information a consumer
provides to the Integrator or Prosper in order to obtain a financial
product or service, any information Integrator or Prosper otherwise
obtains about a consumer in connection with providing a financial
product or service to that consumer, and any information about a
consumer resulting from any transaction involving a financial product or
service between the Integrator or Prosper and a consumer. Personally
identifiable information may include, without limitation, a consumer's
first and last name, physical address, zip code, email address, phone
number, social security number, birth date, and any other information
that itself identifies or when tied to the above information, may
identify a consumer.

1.2 Use of Confidential Information. For as long as Confidential
Information is in possession of the Integrator, the Integrator shall
take reasonable steps, at least substantially equivalent to the steps it
takes to protect its own proprietary information, to prevent the use,
duplications or disclosure of Confidential Information, other than, by
or to its employees or agents who are directly involved in integrating
the Prosper SDKs and who are apprised of their obligations required by
these Legal Notices and directed by the Integrator to treat such
information confidentially, or except as required by law or by a
supervising regulatory agency of the integrator. The Integrator shall
not disclose, share, rent, sell or transfer to any third party any
Confidential Information. The parties shall use Confidential Information
only as necessary to perform the integration of the Prosper SDKs.  The
Integrator shall treat any Nonpublic Personal Information that it
receives from the other party in a manner that is fully compliant with
the disclosing party's obligations under Title V of the
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and any implementing regulations thereunder,
including but not limited to applicable limits on the use, disclosure,
storage, safeguarding and destruction of Nonpublic Personal Information.
 In addition, to the extent that the Integrator receives Nonpublic
Personal Information, the Integrator shall maintain commercially
reasonable data security and disaster recovery protections that at the
least are consistent with industry standards for the consumer lending
industry.

1.3 Return of Information; Indemnity. Upon the termination or expiration
of the integration of the Prosper SDKs, the Integrator shall promptly
return all Confidential Information received in connection with the
integration, or shall promptly destroy any materials containing such
information (and any copies, extracts, and summaries thereof) and shall
provide Prosper with written confirmation of such return or destruction
upon request. In the event the Integrator discovers that Confidential
Information has been used in an unauthorized manner or disclosed in
violation of the Legal Notices, the Integrator discovering the
unauthorized use or disclosure shall immediately notify Prosper of such
event, and the Integrator of the Prosper SDKs shall indemnify and hold
Prosper harmless from all claims, damage, liability, costs and expenses
(including court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees) arising or
resulting from the unauthorized use or disclosure. In addition, Prosper
shall be entitled to all other remedies available at law or equity,
including injunctive relief.

2.1 Ownership.  Notwithstanding any other language or information within
the SDK Integration Guide, the Integrator acknowledges and agrees that
Prosper shall retain sole and exclusive ownership of the Prosper SDKs
and related materials and all intellectual property rights therein. 
Prosper acknowledges and agrees that the Integrator shall retain sole
and exclusive ownership of the integrator’s background technology that
existed prior to integration and all intellectual property rights
therein.

2.2 Reservation of Rights.  Prosper and Integrator shall continue to own
all rights, title and interest in and to its patents, know-how, trade
secrets, software, trademarks and all other intellectual property,
subject only to the license rights expressly granted herein.

3.1 SDK API Key and Secret Security.   When using the Prosper SDKs, the
Integrator shall follow these specified essential security protocols.

3.1.1  The Integrator shall only use the API key and secret provided to
you by Prosper; specifically, the Integrator shall not communicate with
the SDK using keys or secrets that are not authorized by Prosper for
your use.

3.1.2 THE INTEGRATOR IS SOLEY RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING ADEQUATE
SECURITY AND CONTROL OF ANY API KEY AND SECRET COMBINATION PROVIDED TO
YOU.  BECAUSE THE KEY AND SECRET ENSURE AUTHORIZED COMMUNICATIONS
BETWEEN THE INTEGRATOR AND PROSPER, THE INTEGRATOR MUST PROTECT THE KEY
AND SECRET, ALLOWING ONLY AUTHORIZED AND AUTHENTICATED ENTITIES, SUCH AS
INDIVIDUALS, APIS, CODE, ETC., TO ACCESS THE KEY AND SECRET.

4.1 Indemnification by Integrator of Prosper SDKs.  Integrator shall
indemnify, defend and hold Prosper harmless from and against any Claim
that is attributable to or arises from (i) Integrator’s violation of any
state or Federal law, rule or regulation, or any other illegal or
actionable act or omission by or on behalf of Integrator; (ii)
Integrator’s breach of any material obligation owed to Prosper; and
(iii) any acts or omissions by Integrator, its employees or its agents,
in connection with Integrator’s marketing efforts or efforts related to
the protection of data privacy or security keys.  Integrator agrees to
promptly pay and fully satisfy any and all losses, judgments or
expenses, including, without limitation, costs of settlement and
attorneys’ fees incurred or sustained, or reasonably likely to be
incurred or sustained by Prosper as a result of any claims of the types
described above.

4.2 Procedures.  Prosper shall: (i) promptly notify the Integrator in
writing of any losses for which Prosper seeks indemnification; (ii)
provide reasonable cooperation to the Integrator and its legal
representatives in the investigation of any matter which is the subject
of indemnification; and (iii) permit Integrator to have full control
over the defense and settlement of any matter subject to
indemnification; provided, however, that the Integrator shall not enter
into any settlement that affects Prosper’s rights or interests without
Prosper’s prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed.  Prosper shall have the right to participate in the
defense at its expense.


